organization info blog (#871)
coderefinery/coderefinery.org: content/blog/2024-06-07-organization-info-support-cr-how.md

The idea of the CodeRefinery project is to help researchers that already know how to code (in any language) to increase their codes reproducibility and show some tools that can help on this journey. 

CodeRefinery is a growing training network. We try to make this project more accessible and inclusive. We developed public and freely available and reusable learning and teaching materials on many topics around research software development in order to improve its FAIR-ness (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, Reusable).

Our workshops foster collaborative research/work environment to increase productivity and efficiency. 
The workshops themselves are interactive online events, to which participants can join individually or in team.
Teams usually have some kind of advanced person with them to guide through the exercise sessions.

From our point of view, organizations can support the CodeRefinery project in many different ways, as can be seen from the following figure:

> ![Figure showing different possibilities for organizations to support the project, description below](https://hackmd.io/_uploads/HkcCSF9iT.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Figure showing different possibilities for organizations to support the project, description below](../img/CR_organization.png)
```

Reviewer: Added the updated image under img :)

### Advertise
The easiest way to support us is to advertise the workshop to your network. In that way, you can get people that know about FAIR software development back and can start implementing it in their work creating a more collaborative working environment regarding research software. By participating, your organization contributes to improving research software quality.

### Observe
If you are curious about how these workshops work, you can always send observers: a CodeRefinery workshop is a special event, let your teachers observe how we do things and maybe we can learn a thing or two from each other.

### Teach with us
The most valuable contribution for us is to let your experienced employees work on lesson development, or be an instructor on worktime ("contribute in kind"). That way we can learn from each other and everyone can bring in their expertise to make the project sustainable. In-kind contribution can be facilitated by including it as apart of your organisation's culture to develop employee's competence and accelerate knowledge transfer.

> ### Provide a Workshop Room

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provide a local team space
```
